# Courage to Change

Alcohol addiction is one of the major issues in the world and is leading cause of preventable deaths in the United States. The main aim of our study is to motivate
people who are addicted to alcohol to overcome the addiction and lead a healthy lifestyle. There are many apps in in the marketplace today which are more inclined towards reactive care and commercialization but we came up with a different approach towards the problem.Our model is based on proactive continuum care approach where Persuasive approaches like peer to peer network and self control are given due importance. Along with the discussion oriented approach ,token and remained
approach are taken into consideration.In our study we have implemented activity feed which shows the negative effects of alcohol, advantages of not drinking alcohol, Questions asked by users and follow up answers to the questions, up-votes and downvotes to questions and answers, motivate the user by providing leader-board, provide frequent remainders to engage with userand give rewards for the people in Top of the leader-board.

Our focus of ”Courage to change App ”is to self motivate the person to relieve from the clutches of alcohol abuse and make them a lead a healthy life with personnel wellness as the core.Our approach for the Courage to change App is based on peer to peer network based discussion oriented model using persuasion and social influence as a means of change,Token and reward based approaches to inculcate self motivation and courage to overcome fear stress. A sustainable model is based on Persuasion and change from within through personalised continuum care and Health navigator approach through smart devices rather than the reactive based hospital care.

Our application has a simple architecture that has a self explanatory design that addresses all requirements. As soon as we launch the app we see the login page, if the user is new they can register and login, if the user is already registered they can directly login to application. This is useful in case the password is misplaced, forgotten, or needs to be renewed. After login user will go to home screen where he will find all the functionalities of the application.
Flow-Chart of the Application:
Monitoring : they can monitor their progress along with other peers so that continuous motivation is given to uses as peer support is given.
Leaderboard : will display the users who are engaged most in the app. They will be updated daily based on the questions, comments and posts.
Posts : they can post any useful links from anywhere which will be help to other people .
Evaluation : based on the needs of the person he can go to the app and ask specific questions based on the
Motivation : Users can use the motivation tab and see the needed motivation based on the images, quotes and other memes which are both fun and entertaining in nature
Rewards : his name will be shown in the top most leaderboard when he/she shares any journey of his with the peers and rewards will be given to the users based on the ranking. He can redeem the points with any non-alcoholic drinks or motivational posters
Continuity : He can continuously engage with the peers and meetups can be organized based on the discussions in the app in the local areas so that continuity can be achieved. App also tracks the location of the user.

There is a need to collaborate with the fitness and personal wellness industry to integrate nutrition ,fitness and lead to all round development of individual, machine learning models for data prediction,AI chat bot assistance and 3D model videos explaining the impacts of alcohol abuse, Natural Language Processing models could understand human behavior, more user centred requirements to ensure more personalized customer centred app. This sustainable model is based on Persuasion and change from within through personalised continuum care. Further peer based discussion based network for social change demonstrates the power of social control in persuading people to relieve from the clutches of alcohol abuse.The individuals success stories will create a domino effect by generating more catalysts and boosting the process of gradual change.Personal wellness and the power of social control through community based approach will generate more social capital.M health has a long lasting effect to ensure health well beings.
